Project second year of computer Science : Highway to L2

Welcome to the README for our SDL2-based roguelike project called "Highway to L2".

## Introduction

This project is a roguelike game developed in C using the SDL2 library. A roguelike is a type of role-playing game in which the player explores dungeons, fights monsters, finds treasures, etc. Roguelikes are known for their high difficulty and procedural generation of levels, which means that each time you play, you encounter a new dungeon with different enemies and items. The goal of this project is to create a playable and enjoyable roguelike game.

## Installation

To compile and run this project, you will need the SDL2 library and its image, ttf, mixer extensions, as well as the OpenSSL library. You can install them using your preferred system package manager. On Debian/Ubuntu, you can use the following command:

SDL2: ```sudo apt-get install libsdl2-dev libsdl2-image-dev libsdl2-ttf-dev libsdl2-mixer-dev ```

OPENSSL: ``` sudo apt-get install libssl-dev ```

Once you have installed the dependencies, you can compile the project by running the make command in the project's root directory.

## Usage

Once you have compiled the project, you can run it by executing the following command from the bin directory:

./HighwayToL2 or ./map_jeu_entite

The game is controlled with the arrow keys and ZQSD. You can move in the four directions and attack adjacent enemies. Killed enemies will give you items, and by pressing the "TAB" key, you can see the items currently in your inventory. The game ends when you are dead or have reached the final level.

## Features

The project includes the following features:

- Procedural level generation
- Player movement
- Enemies that follow the player and attack the player when adjacent
- Combat between the player and enemies
- Skill tree with 4 classes

## Documentation

The documentation generated by Doxygen can be found in the doc folder in HTML or LaTex format or at https://natykk.github.io/Highway-to-L2/

## Contributions

Contributions to this project are welcome! If you have any improvement ideas or bugs to report, feel free to create an issue or pull request.
